faltering economy has forced many people
to make changes in their life style this
year millions face unemployment and
consumer confidence is at an all-time
low but is it a good time to invest your
money as the New Year approaches ABC
newsChannel 20's Katie Heinz is live in
the studio with a look at that katie
elizabeth financial experts say the
economy could get considerably worse
before it gets better but a registered
investment advisor tells us there are
safe ways to invest your money whether
you're working that first job or getting
ready to retire springfield resident ton
of flat says she's watching her money
closely these days we have multiple
investments in IRAs IRA mini IRA
accounts a money market in 40 once we
have lost quite a bit of money that's
forced flat and her husband to cut their
spending on everything including
activities with their granddaughter I'm
50 gonna be 58 my husband's 60 so we are
concerned about our future she isn't
alone I see a lot of clients being very
confused they're just not sure what to
do registered investment advisor Dick
Van Dyke says the battered economy has
changed the rules of investing and he
says it could get worse the question is
how bad will it get until that point and
at what point are you as an individual
in a position where you're going to have
to rely on income and you cannot take
those chances and Ike says the safest
way to invest is to look to banks and
the annuity side of insurance companies
he adds now is a great time for
first-time investors to get involved
you're buying it such a bargain price
even if it drops further you'll be ok
just do your dollar cost averaging put
money into the market on a regular
steady basis and for those in retirement
vandyke advises developing a plan you
can make better decisions on how much
money to make sure you you set aside in
a stable value portion of your portfolio
and how much you can afford to put into
growth something flat says she may be
changing soon we're hoping for the best
flood says she and her husband plan to
change how they manage their money in
the new year she says they're looking at
CVS and other more secure investment
options Elizabeth and she's not alone
thanks a lot Katie Van Dyke says it's
important to be realistic with your
investments but he does say a small
amount of money invested can grow
considerably over time